vimdiff
vimdiff opens vim
(an extended version of vi)
with multiple files, one in
each window.
the differences between files
are highlighted,
which makes it easier to visually
inspect them.
There are a few shortcuts
that may be useful.
For example, pressing control-w
followed by an arrow key
allows us to switch between windows.
Pressing the right-bracket
and the letter c
will jump to the next change in the diff.
And the left-bracket followed
by the letter c
will jump to the previous change
The d-o key combination
will get a change from the other
window and put it in the current one.
The d-p combination will put the
change from the current window
into the other one.
To quit vimdiff,
use the same shortcuts as vi.